## SAW SUPERFRIENDS 
7/20/17
first meeting! 

Attendees: Tom, Maxine, Lisa, Melissa, Zannah
Not Present: Michael, Roxanne

WHY WE'RE HERE: everyone’s pitching in, let’s get more organized.

Questions/Sharing: what you’re doing; what you’d like to do; what you’re excited about— possibilities for SAW  

### Lisa
**currently**
-working on brochure
**would like to**
-figure out how to appeal to more people
— do posters, layout, any kind of design
- has time to volunteer more: can do cleaning, tabling, whatever-- just no heavy lifting!
- has materials on psychology of color to offer (training materials), 
**possibilites for SAW**
-would like to create a mural, can contact city
-WORLD DOMINATION

### Melissa
**currently**
- social media— tumblr , instagram (x-posted to twitter and FB).
**would like to**
- to help out with tabling and conventions, manage artwalk— has lots of ideas. 
- can do cleaning and organizing.
- TA-ing for instructors at SAW
**possibilites for SAW**
- wants use info about saw alumni, facutly and guests to lure more students to SAW. 
- how can we get people to contribute? 

### Maxine
**currently**
- redesign of website, better content marketing. helping with marketing online classes. was doing social media. 
**would like to**
- content marketing plan, editorial calendar, blog posts, emails. 
- grant research and writing
- funding to hire admin person, taxes, 
- organize spaces
**possibilites for SAW**
- talk with Kiran at 3rd house books. curating comics section. sharing resources and images. 

### Tom 
**currently**
- running the school!
**updates**	
- one of our students is maybe erin curry’s dad, Chris. handy and able to fix risos!working together to make New SAW accesible
- when school starts it’ll be busy. 7 students. 
- rent on old saw and new saw paid up through end of year.  
**possibilities for SAW**
- more outreach in gainesville, using sub-groupings of GNV classes. 
- excited about online courses which are growing. creating a big community. 
- getting more interest. need this to pay the rent because YL is low. 

### Zannah
**currently**
- PR and outreach for evening classes
**would like to**
- increase presence in community
- help develop admin systems/processes for projects
- think about "co-op" model for the schhool
**possibilities for SAW**
- world domination

### Projects 
- Clean-up at SAW - Monday 7pm
- Artwalk- james’ work and screen printing work at OLD SAW/ jesse.  25th 
- Planning for SPX- sept 16th & 17th
- promo materials; brochure discussion. photographic brochure vs miranda’s art. 
- website 
- visiting artists: Julia Gfrorer is coming in spring
- dropbox for marketing.
- New crit/drawing group (wednesdays!)
- fairly tale workshops (w/Roxanne)
- mural idea? do we want to do a mural
- curating comics section at 3rd house

